previously to control the other rings he
needs the one and that ring was lost
long ago you know we've said it before
father time has no idea where time
regulars none and it is the magic number
six fight before the greatest athlete
history that American team sports has
six championships
[Music]
[Applause]
Floy of bagels could come up with their
one turnover the game right here Jordan
the number 6 is a big D if he gets his
hands on all six stone ladies sitting on
five the enemy of the free peoples of
middle-earth was defeated if you never
regain his fall scare them deceived for
another ring was made Tom Brady and I
lost a super bowl admit fault CC how
much do you think the outcome of this
Super Bowl will impact Tom Brady's like
he's wrong Brady lost the fumble that
changed the game that was the reason why
the Eagles won there is efficient in a
more ancient part of the world a pit
where men are thrown to suffer yes the
answer is the cliff has arrived and it's
and I do not believe rating will be a
great
back this year but sometimes a man rises
from the darkness sometimes
let's not stand them so removing here
you'd admit defeat if he has a great
week why I would say by the letter of
the law yeah I would have to give that
up the devil at this shouted Peter what
it ends
when Tom Brady decides to stop punishing
all of us won't traditionally wants to
be other other people against great the
people of Clift people what a people
there's four letters letters I've heard
people say he's gonna fall off the cliff
five years ago okay and two more years
ago fall food at the birth certificate
all the times the oldest to do pretty
much everything that he's done this year
seventeen years ago we were the largest
underdogs in the history of the exact
same franchise and that first Super Bowl
against the Rams the greatest show you
talk about on this match when Tom told
Robert Frane as a six rounder this is
gonna be your best draft pick ever
tongue Brady helped create the Patriot
waited it was inside of him we go back
to that first Super Bowl
you'll need paper let me say you can put
your fingers let's say that's the bad
guy
remember how John man the same go to
overtime play for over to play for all
the time
you wanna force anything here
I am not in danger I am the danger well
Brady and Belichick thought differently
he has been very very impressive with
his
the one who looks his 4240 has been his
brain and his drive you all know exactly
who I am
[Applause]
the fans and they might be in military
rain that team they wanted 11 games that
year when they were over 2 and 511 to
here before didn't win the Superbowl now
say my name Dennis hey Burt you're
goddamn right I thought he was gonna
catch up to Tom Brady you know Father
time catches up to me but if we want to
sit here and pretend like this is the
same guy we saw last year it's simply
untrue by the middle of next year it
could be the remains of this deep-rooted
anger in you Max and I see it I see it
Andy just on both sides of the ball
throughout the game because guys just
weren't getting open there's issues on
offense two wide receivers are not
getting open for Tom Brady
[Applause]
Tom Brady 133 passing yards in a vacuum
okay maybe it's a one-off but then you
added to the fact that maybe Bill
Belichick has been worried about him
getting on in years are the Patriots in
trouble they're absolutely in trouble
Baker's fans be worried this thing is
starting to fall apart if the Pats lose
this weekend
it is officially panicked I lost two in
a row this team hasn't lost three in a
row since 2003 when Patriots aren't good
not a shock I said before this is about
Independence Day
don't
and this is not the same picture
it is the typical slow starter older
they're slower is uncharted waters
let's be the first to do it back to back
to back the greed is good strategy I
think is working for all of them three
for lack of a better word is good
[Music]
Terminator is out there
it can't be bargained with it can't be
reasoned with she does not stop
he's robotic him and Bill Belichick what
they do
[Music]
doesn't feel pity or remorse or fear and
absolutely will not stop me - you are
dead
hasta la vista baby there will you come
to play you better be ready to come play
against the Tom Brady that you all know
and hate who's not all-knowing love that
you all know and hate to use not one but
two Infinity stones you won't have to
come play you gonna have to beat me on
the same Tom Brady that you think I hear
he comes a five-time champion four-time
Super Bowl MVP a three-time league MVP
and a 13 time Pro Bowler and by the way
for good measure back in 2009 he was
comeback player of the year there's not
one thing this guy has not won in his
life Patriots have now agreed to terms
with the Browns to trade for Josh Gordon
the universe lies within your grasp
[Applause]
[Music]
pass number 500 and he's now found 71
different players for touchdowns
and his career that is an all-time NFL
record and that's all time past coverage
too because if you didn't know before
you know now you know now about the
Holmes and the Chiefs because at this
point nobody wants any part of these
guys it wasn't a third down as a big
play in the game I was warning it molded
by it I think the picture to select the
empire it's Tom Brady and Bill Belichick
in the Deathstar they pile it around the
NFL's team has survived the net is the
best thing in the AFC several times
going
homes corner pattern when he wins Tyriq
town most interesting
is strong he could destroy us
he's poverty is just important and our
previous a third and goal
it just doesn't matter
never matters if it's just will start
initially under center
play-action fake outside rush the home
stepping up never join you
25 20 15 10 5 touchdown Kansas City and
New England for the second straight year
sees the cheetah go for 75 it is useless
resist to make me destroy
first in town for the 48 of Casey
dropping back
Parker inside the 10
[Applause]
for God's cow ski and the Patriots
prevail ah great John sterling once said
raise your glass man do I need one Tom
Brady in this Tom vs. time thing he's
given up his life for football and
that's why he's beating father time
right now to my shop enterprise
oh three oh four Super Bowl chance does
he think his legacy is not cemented I
think he looks at himself as a six round
draft choice and he's always thinking up
something is that that's why he prepares
that's why he never takes anything they
have survived the fads of offensive and
defensive change this may be the fastest
I've ever seen this is amazing pieces
they survived the doubts about Tom
Brady's eggs two minutes into the drive
they've already run seven plays they
survived yearning you're out of us
trying to write them speed-related here
on ten plays in three minutes and 20
seconds Tom Brady
he's like Jason you can't stop he's so
good so incredible it was Tom terrific
get the ball with Captain America pity
he's going for the touchdown
Patriots I'm not buying it just like
everybody thought the Red Sox can go to
war with big pop yet aged or not I don't
think their dynamic enough I just don't
think they have perimeter skill because
I feel like every year we're talking
they'll see me Batman how are they gonna
do it I get this guy they don't have
that guy this guy's we're just as
missing
which also true is there were reasons to
believe this year that this was the year
the pants didn't get
if Josh Gordon facing once again
indefinite suspension for violating the
terms of his reinstatement under the
substance abuse policy from a football
perspective this is pretty difficult for
the football team he's been an important
player like I said he's carved out a
massive role that defense wanted to put
t be 12 spell on the wall he did the
same thing the bigger the game the
better it is and Brady two scores in the
fourth quarter were you surprised the
face roots came back against this no
because Brady
always tell my friends never pick
against Brady down free as we near the
215 mark of the fourth the Patriots with
a second and goal to go the ball inside
them they've been down by double digits
it is down 10 points and they've won
each of those four times
[Applause]
so losing the Super Bowl as the legend
of Brady Dre seemed dire
what are you doing life you go right to
people did you get the back on
[Music]
hey bitch 25
they pinched him
21 in you are about to die the hands of
the children's panels
[Applause]
[Music]
greatest quarterback ever is mr. break
period period there are two more stones
on
well 38th all-time postseason game is
staggering at the age of 41 the fact
that he's still doing it at this level
at this age was the MVP of the league
last year at age 48 to me that ends any
discussion let the games begin Brady is
going to be a bum in short that will
happen Brady will go from being
effectively in the NFL it's going to
happen in an iclicker there we go and
City here we come and here comes the
Patriots Kansas City this is gonna be
fun Kansas City's the best team I really
believe it they're the best team in the
AFC we played murder this year you know
I know you know everyone thinks we suck
and you know can't win any game so we'll
see it'll be fun
the biggest lead was 25 points in 28 to
3 with under two and a half left
[Applause]
[Music]
to catch
[Applause]
that room was simply incredible that
performance today California up to being
the best had ever did
radio hit his head
the record for most fourth-quarter
double-digit comebacks
my name is Wolverine was the Dallas
Cowboys with to the Pats have three in
the last four season is going for the
shield buddy he's in that goal for the
field goal of gas Kowski he's going to
the funds disgustingly second best there
is at what I do but what I do
[Music]
by the greatest corner typical tiring it
at a certain point put something I need
to do some about it five titles since
2002 wouldn't ago like don't think you
can overreact to this one game I still
don't think the Patriots are very good
you power rising it's fixable
I think it's gonna be totally wild
atmosphere and I think the Chiefs are
gonna come out and I think they are
gonna handle the Patriots you see Tom he
drops back you don't have much open down
and he's about to run he sees that
crease he's about to run nope no I'm not
he pulls back up he is 200 in the ball
still finds he's running back on a back
shoulders Grover's tight coverage for a
huge third down conversion
with 33 seconds left here in the second
quarter
yes the answer is the cliff has arrived
she's down by two touched it I do not
believe Brady will be a great
quarterback this year his quarterback
in postseason history Tom Brady in his
13th AFC championship game
it's just over the handsome van Noy sit
for the empty honestly touch their kids
are safe
yes
a quarterback's someone that's magic and
they can just make stuff happen they're
gonna run a screen inside Damien
Williams setup 2015 10 third touchdown
[Applause]
she said the first lead of the night in
this AFC championship game the homes
three touchdown passes in this half
they're calm they're cool and they're
gonna find a way to overcome it and get
the lead back
brandy takes the snap gifts to Michelle
runs right first night and more on time
into the end zone touchdown Patriots as
they regain the lead at the 2 yard line
can't nobody can come back from this no
there's never been a player could you
don't want anyone in the building never
follow that up oh my gosh this is
exactly how it's supposed to come to Tom
Brady as 56 career comebacks minute 57
to the side
hey hey hey hey don't snap it don't snap
it look back at me I want to go to the
alert I want to go to the second poll
Jeff competing from the shoulders up and
a lot of these guys just don't have the
football acumen to compete 203 left down
420 degrees outside our quarterbacks 41
years old
they tied Tom Brady just puts the
superhero cape on it's just unbelievable
that he's still able to yes the matrix
inside the 5 micron Kowski with 4 yards
away from New England taking back the
lead it's literally 10 degrees with 3 3
degree wind chill out there can't hear
anything everything is silent
[Applause]
I love it in for overtime and is career
money time money time is for what money
fires shotgun snap on third example
ready in the pocket runs a little out of
it open it feel
[Applause]
[Music]
Super Bowl in five years pack your bags
brainy walked into the facility and said
and I quote I am the baddest mother on
the planet which one is him it's the one
that says bad motherfucker in the land
of Mordor
in the fires of Mount Doom the Dark Lord
Sauron forged in secret a master ring to
control all others and into this ring he
poured his will to dominate all life one
ring and rady was being stifled back
there and then late in the game and I
know you'll say sure cuz that's what
happens to power 489 super balls
appearances has a chance to win six
times what did he do nine minutes left
he led a game-winning drive as he always
does as he always has done better than
any other quarterback in the history of
the game ready standards applause
another Gronkowski when it was nothing
time he goes then I will break you Brady
chant star damn times you've got to see
the movie before you know they every day
makes the catch of the 45 turns left and
then he slides past but I wouldn't
believe there's been a quarterback that
can call upon his greatness tying up the
time when they need it the most and when
they needed it the most when he needs to
be absolutely great he can do it he's
gonna cut it up town he's gonna cut one
loose right down a single floor
Navy Yard
[Applause]
bolita he's gonna take these hit a ton
dunk you he's gonna say gosh we this is
something that we'll probably never want
to see again in our lifetime
but its fourth corner of its body time
for the greatest guy ever suited up the
game's on the line
cool as a cucumber
the dynasty continues it was this 13th
game when he
in his in the playoff no other
quarterback has more than six six Super
Bowl title in the early 2000s they won
three or four now they have won three of
the last five yes it's still dynasty six
time
champion and there ain't nothing you can
do about it
but there is one constant throughout
this whole 18 years
now check
ready
but that Tom Brady is in a class by
himself nobody brings it home Mike sure
it's nobody
[Music]
you